Nasa (#1201)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.nasa.md

# NASA

> The NASA node allows you to automate work in NASA, and integrate NASA with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of NASA features, including retrieving earth assets, earth imagery, feeds, and looking up asteroids. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NASA node allows you to automate work in NASA, and integrate NASA with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of NASA features, including retrieving imagery and data. 
```
